# Using the Map
Once you've supplied data and configured the add-on, you are ready to start geocoding.
If you click on the `Map` page, you will see a map centered in NYC.

If you selected NYC Geoclient in your configuration, you will see map tiles from NYC DoITT, which are purely within the bounds of NYC.
If you selected Census in your configuration, you will see map tiles from OpenStreetMap, which extend to the bounds of the rest of the country.

## Features of the Map
  *   **Geocode Sheet** : clicking this button will begin the geocoding process. 
  *   **Review x Failures** : clicking this button will let you select and view values from your sheet that did not geocode correctly. 
  *   **Reset the Map** : clicking this button will let you reset the map to the default state.
  *   **Zoom Controls** : these buttons can be used to zoom the map in or out.
  *   **Search** : this field lets you search for addresses.
  *   **Download GeoJSON** : this button lets you download the geocoded data as a GeoJSON file called geocoded.json.

### Geocode Sheet
After clicking the **Geocode Sheet** button, the following should happen:
  *   For each row of data supplied: 
      *   The color of the row will change depending on the success of the API call (green if a corresponding address was found, orange if the api could not find anything OR is unsure of what specific address you were looking for)
      *   Return values that you supplied in the configuration will be appended to the row. By default, LNG, LAT, X, and Y values will be returned.

### Review x Failures
If you see that there are orange rows, the map's Review Failures dropdown will autoamtically update with all the values that failed. You can click on each value to see how to fix the issue.
  *   If the failure is a result of the API not understanding the input, then a popup with the text "the location you entered was not understood" will appear, and you would need to manually correct that piece of data in the spreadsheet. 
  *   If the failure is a result of the API not knowing what address you are looking for, then a dropdown under the Search field will appear with all possible values. You can then select the correct value, which will bring you to that location with a popup letting you correct the data automatically.
  *   You can also manually view all the failures on the map itself. If there are 2 failures, you will see 2 markers on the map with text that corresponds to the number of the row which contains the bad input.

[Go to Additional Features](./5.additional-features.md)

[Back to Table of Contents](./index.md)